README.md, before:

# debian-development

> Docker debian image to use for development, testing and deployment.

| Docker base image | Docker image            | Tag           | Size   | Pulls  | Build  | Status |
| ----------------- | ----------------------- | ------------- | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| [debian][1]       | [debian-development][2] | [![][9]][11]  | ![][4] | ![][6] | ![][7] | ![][8] |
| [debian][1]       | [debian-development][2] | [![][10]][12] | ![][5] |        |        |        |

[1]: https://hub.docker.com/_/debian/
[2]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/debian-development/
[3]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/debian-development/tags/
[4]: https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/vergissberlin/debian-development.svg
[5]: https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/vergissberlin/debian-development:stretch-slim.svg
[6]: https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/vergissberlin/debian-development.svg?style=flat-square
[7]: https://img.shields.io/docker/automated/vergissberlin/debian-development.svg?style=flat-square
[8]: https://img.shields.io/docker/build/vergissberlin/debian-development.svg?style=flat-square
[9]: https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/vergissberlin/debian-development.svg
[10]: https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/vergissberlin/debian-development:stretch-slim.svg
[11]: https://microbadger.com/images/vergissberlin/debian-development:latest
[12]: https://microbadger.com/images/vergissberlin/debian-development:stretch-slim

## Promise

> You will **always get the latest** build from the base image with additional installed packages.
> An [concourse ci](http://concourse.ci) instance is watching on changes. It starts to rebuild the image and push it to the registry immediately.


## Installed packages

| Package       | Description                                                                                                |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| bash          | Bash is a Unix shell and command language as a free software replacement for the Bourne shell.             |
| bats          | Bats is a TAP-compliant testing framework for Bash. It provides a simple way to verify that the UNIX programs you write behave as expected. |
| curl          | cURL is a computer software project providing a library and command-line tool for transferring data using various protocols. |
| figlet        | FIGlet generates text banners, in a variety of typefaces, composed of letters made up of conglomerations of smaller ASCII characters (see ASCII art). |
| findutils     | Find Utilities are the basic directory searching utilities of the GNU operating system.                    |
| git           | Git is a version control system (VCS) for tracking changes in computer files and coordinating work on those files among multiple people. |
| make          | Make is a build automation tool that automatically builds executable programs and libraries from source code. |
| mc            | GNU Midnight Commander (also known as mc) is a free cross-platform orthodox file manager.                  |
| siege         | Siege is an open source regression test and benchmark utility. It can stress test a single URL with a user defined number of simulated users, or it can read many URLs into memory and stress them simultaneously. |
| wget          | GNU Wget is a computer program that retrieves content from web servers.                                    |
| vim           | Vim is a clone of Bill Joy's vi text editor program for Unix.                                              |
| zip           | The .ZIP file format permits a number of compression algorithms, though DEFLATE is the most common.        |


## Usage

        docker run -it vergissberlin/debian-development:latest bash
        docker run -it vergissberlin/debian-development:stretch-slim bash

### concourse ci

```
fly set-pipeline --target example --config pipeline.yml --pipeline docker-debian -l credentials.yml
```


## Docker registry

https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/debian-development/


## Similar images

| Name                  | Git       | Docker       |
| --------------------- | --------- | ------------ |
| alpine-development    | [git][20] | [docker][25] |
| centos-development    | [git][30] | [docker][35] |
| fedora-development    | [git][40] | [docker][45] |
| opensuse-development  | [git][50] | [docker][55] |
| ubuntu-development    | [git][60] | [docker][65] |

[20]: https://github.com/vergissberlin/alpine-development
[25]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/alpine-development/
[30]: https://github.com/vergissberlin/centos-development
[35]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/centos-development/
[40]: https://github.com/vergissberlin/fedora-development
[45]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/fedora-development/
[50]: https://github.com/vergissberlin/opensuse-development
[55]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/opensuse-development/
[60]: https://github.com/vergissberlin/ubuntu-development
[65]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/ubuntu-development/

Commit message:

Added documentation to involved applications

README.md, after:

# debian-development

> Docker debian image to use for development, testing and deployment.

| Docker base image | Docker image            | Tag           | Size   | Pulls  | Build  | Status |
| ----------------- | ----------------------- | ------------- | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| [debian][1]       | [debian-development][2] | [![][9]][11]  | ![][4] | ![][6] | ![][7] | ![][8] |
| [debian][1]       | [debian-development][2] | [![][10]][12] | ![][5] |        |        |        |

[1]: https://hub.docker.com/_/debian/
[2]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/debian-development/
[3]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/debian-development/tags/
[4]: https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/vergissberlin/debian-development.svg
[5]: https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/vergissberlin/debian-development:stretch-slim.svg
[6]: https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/vergissberlin/debian-development.svg?style=flat-square
[7]: https://img.shields.io/docker/automated/vergissberlin/debian-development.svg?style=flat-square
[8]: https://img.shields.io/docker/build/vergissberlin/debian-development.svg?style=flat-square
[9]: https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/vergissberlin/debian-development.svg
[10]: https://images.microbadger.com/badges/version/vergissberlin/debian-development:stretch-slim.svg
[11]: https://microbadger.com/images/vergissberlin/debian-development:latest
[12]: https://microbadger.com/images/vergissberlin/debian-development:stretch-slim

## Promise

> You will **always get the latest** build from the base image with additional installed packages.
^> After changes on dependencies an event listener starts to rebuild the image and push it to the registry immediately.


## Installed packages

| Package          | Description                                                                                                |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| bash             | Bash is a Unix shell and command language as a free software replacement for the Bourne shell.             |
| bash-completion  | Programmable completion functions for bash                                                                 |
| bats             | Bats is a TAP-compliant testing framework for Bash. It provides a simple way to verify that the UNIX programs you write behave as expected. |
| ca-certificates  | Contains the certificate authorities shipped with Mozilla's browser to allow SSL-based applications to check for the authenticity of SSL connections. |
| curl             | cURL is a computer software project providing a library and command-line tool for transferring data using various protocols. |
| figlet           | FIGlet generates text banners, in a variety of typefaces, composed of letters made up of conglomerations of smaller ASCII characters (see ASCII art). |
| findutils        | Find Utilities are the basic directory searching utilities of the GNU operating system.                    |
| git              | Git is a version control system (VCS) for tracking changes in computer files and coordinating work on those files among multiple people. |
| make             | Make is a build automation tool that automatically builds executable programs and libraries from source code. |
| mc               | GNU Midnight Commander (also known as mc) is a free cross-platform orthodox file manager.                  |
| siege            | Siege is an open source regression test and benchmark utility. It can stress test a single URL with a user defined number of simulated users, or it can read many URLs into memory and stress them simultaneously. |
| wget             | GNU Wget is a computer program that retrieves content from web servers.                                    |
| vim              | Vim is a clone of Bill Joy's vi text editor program for Unix.                                              |
| zip              | The .ZIP file format permits a number of compression algorithms, though DEFLATE is the most common.        |


## Usage

        docker run -it vergissberlin/debian-development:latest bash
        docker run -it vergissberlin/debian-development:stretch-slim bash

## Docker registry

https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/debian-development/


## Similar images

| Name                  | Git       | Docker       |
| --------------------- | --------- | ------------ |
| alpine-development    | [git][20] | [docker][25] |
| centos-development    | [git][30] | [docker][35] |
| fedora-development    | [git][40] | [docker][45] |
| opensuse-development  | [git][50] | [docker][55] |
| ubuntu-development    | [git][60] | [docker][65] |

[20]: https://github.com/vergissberlin/alpine-development
[25]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/alpine-development/
[30]: https://github.com/vergissberlin/centos-development
[35]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/centos-development/
[40]: https://github.com/vergissberlin/fedora-development
[45]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/fedora-development/
[50]: https://github.com/vergissberlin/opensuse-development
[55]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/opensuse-development/
[60]: https://github.com/vergissberlin/ubuntu-development
[65]: https://hub.docker.com/r/vergissberlin/ubuntu-development/
